All right, so we have a text field there, but we have this hello, hello.
That's not what we want.
Well, what we really want, if you look at any text field in this case here or text is going to be
the value of our text field, there's going to be changing.
OK, so that means then we have to have some sort of state.
So inside of our notes screen still inside here at the top, we're going to create a variable save our
title.
And this is going to be by remember.
Remember, there's two ways to create these kind of states, right?
You could say it's equal and they remember by remember also works.
So I'm going to use my remember at this point.
So in this case, I'm going to say mutable state of in past empty strings like this or empty string.
This tells us then we are expecting a string to be remembered as a dishonorable state.
Right, so we have issues here, the reason why is because we have to import a few things for this to
work something, click here.
Saying import and it will have to do it again because there are other functions that we need to import
or other the old option enter an import again.
OK, so that's the thing.
Whenever you use by, we'll see that we have to import twice.
So if we go and going to the same because we will need another one later uncle description, which in
this case is going to be for this text field, it might as well do it now.
So remember.
Going to be the same thing, but it was state of it's going to be strange.
So we pass empty string like this.
All right.
So now that we have title and description we can instead of passing hello here.
Let's go ahead and pass title.
Guess that is the state we're going to be controlling.
And for a label here, I'm just going to say title, that's fine.
The beauty here is that because we have created this no input text, composable function, we can call
as many times as we need.
In fact, we need to call it a few times, actually just two times in this case.
Now we are going to say the scription right past that state and there is going to be I didn't note.
OK.
There it is.
Let's go ahead and refresh.
Very nice.
Now we can see we have the title and add note text fields.
Now let's go ahead and add the button.
OK, it's very simple.
You can do it.
But again, I'm going to customize our button a little bit in the sense that I also want to be able
to create that button inside of node components here so we can call it whenever we want to call it.
We make as many instances, as many instances as we want and so forth.
So it's a good habit whenever you have pieces of UI that you may want to use again.
It's a good habit to put them in a different file.
That way, you can reuse them.
All right.
So back in our note components, what I'm going to do here, I'm going to create yet another function
composable function that is so act composable.
Call this function and just call this note button as such.
And I'm going to pass a few parameters, of course, so I can customize it.
First, I'm going to pass.
Let's start with a modifier, because that should be the first thing we pass, say modifier such.
Our default, then we have pass text.
On Click.
The term unit.
So nothing.
And I'm going to say enabled.
It's going to be a Boolean, and of course, I'm just going to say it's true as default.
All right.
So now I'm going to create a button inside here.
So for one, click what I want to do.
Of course, when it clicked, are going to call the UN, click that we passed along.
Here's the thing.
If we do, as you see here, that means then we have to see that invoke, right?
So if you don't want to go through that problem, the trouble of doing that, we can just remove the
lambda and say that this now it's going to call this one, click that we're passing.
OK, so different ways of doing the same thing.
All right, so for our button here, we can pass a few other parameters deed or arguments in this case.
OK, so let's go ahead and say shape.
When I had a nice shape, when it's just a circle shape
or add enabled, it's going to be enabled.
What are we passing?
And then let's put modifiers here.
Pass our modifier.
OK.
And then the contents of this is going to be text and I'm going to pass text and again, and because
text and argument name are the same, I can just get rid of that altogether.
And this will work as well.
All right.
So now if we go back to note screen here and and right after our last input text, I can say note button
such and pass the text.
Save the screen and refresh and see there it is.
We have a save button, so you can see that the button is really close to our add note text field.
Well, actually, let's add something a modifier for each one of these because we can't do that.
I won't say modifier.
I say padding and in this case here, and let's put the comma there for a padding here, I'm going to
say I want top to be about nine deep and bottom to be about.
Eight deep like this
can put in one line, but I like Ken's two lines like that.
And it can do the same thing.
Pass this modifier
next one could go and save refresh, right?
It looks much better.
There is some padding around all of these widgets.
All right.
So now what is that we want to do for on tax change?
So the idea is that when we add something here, we want to capture that information, which we are
going to be able to do that because if you look at the top here, we've set up the title and description.
So instead of the first one text change here, this is for our title.
I'm going to put an if statement here.
Now this is not required, but I'm going to show you something really awesome.
So I say if and then I'm want to say it in this case is going to be the text, right?
I'm going to say that all what this does, if you look at it, it's all that function and it says predicate.
What this means, if you have over, it's going to say returns true if all characters match the given
predicate.
What is it that we want to check here?
Well, we want to check in with, first of all, has pass chart here to signify character.
I'm going to go ahead and check if each character, every passing is a ladder.
Look at that or each character is white space like that.
If that is true, then I'm going to say title.
And I say that to the actual information that we are getting because we all know that we have added
the correct text.
We validated that text.
And if you have over, if you don't know what is white space is, it says white space determines whether
a character is a white space, according to the Unicode standards, to return true if the character
is white space.
And so we're going to do the same thing.
For this guy here as well, a few changes.
Sort of title in this case is going to be a description to set it to whatever we're getting from the
user add note.
OK, so now let's go ahead and see if we can run this just to make sure we can see if we can add something.
So I'm going to run again on my device can run on your emulator.
It's fine.
For the first time always takes a little bit of time.
So let's be patient.
And of course, I have this blank screen here.
The reason why I have this blank screen is because I'm not calling this anywhere.
So my main activity, I have nothing here.
So let's go ahead and just call our notes.
Screen like that.
And I think this time, of course, I have to add experimental because I'm using experimental, I'm
going to add it to the class main activity, the top.
OK, let's go ahead and run this time.
Hopefully this time or works will be able to see something and voila, we can see we can add things
now say hello or something similar to that.
And there it is.
OK.
So this is indeed working.
The state of title as well as the state of the description in this case to note both of them are working.
All right.
So what are we going to do next?
Yes, we're going to figure out a way to actually save these notes, at least saving memory and see
how that goes.